Add known issues for remaining system indices work (#80373)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/8.0.0-beta1.asciidoc

=== Known issues

* If you're using {ml}, it's not safe to perform a rolling upgrade from `7.16.x`
  to `8.0.0-beta1`. Doing so might lead to cluster state propagation issues in the mixed
  version cluster. We recommend waiting for `8.0.0-rc1` before testing a

>   rolling upgrade from `7.16.x`. Do not attempt to upgrade any

Reviewer: Super nit: Did you mean to alter these lines? If not can you revert them for a cleaner blame?

Author: The short answer is that I didn't mean to and will revert. The long answer begins with a `git rebase`...

>   production cluster to pre-release software.

Reviewer 2: The way this bullet reads currently it feels like if I'm using ML I can't try out 8.0.0-beta1 at all. This would obviously limit the ML teams feedback from the beta. I think it might be worth adding that these users can upgrade to 8.0.0-beta1 if they use a full cluster restart upgrade (assuming thats true)

Reviewer 3: I agree, something like this could help to clarify:

>  We recommend performing a full cluster restart upgrade, or waiting for `8.0.0-rc1`...

Author: Let's tag in @droberts195 for this question, since I did not write that item and don't know the answer myself. I think it is a good discussion, but outside the scope of my PR.

Reviewer 4: I removed that whole bullet point in https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/80417 because the underlying problem got fixed when 8.0.0-beta1 got rebuilt. So hopefully there should be no confusion now.

Reviewer 4: @williamrandolph I just merged latest master into this PR and now the bullet point that generated this conversation is gone from what's visible in this PR review.

Author: Thanks!

  anomaly detection results for different jobs to be mixed.
  Wait for `8.0.0-rc1` before attempting to test upgrading a cluster
  where {ml} was used prior to version `7.7.0`.
* System indices such as `.security` or `.kibana` are not hidden

>   indices, but they will be in the GA release. As a consequence,

Reviewer 2: This wording feels a bit awkward. I wonder if @bytebilly has some thoughts on how to best express this?

Reviewer 3: I left a possible alternative version below.

  these will be included in wildcard expansions for users that
  have privileges to view them. Do not rely on this behavior; instead,

>   if you need to access a system index, do so directly, or use
>   a more specific wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if you need to access a system index, do so directly, use
  the `expand_wildcards` parameter to request hidden indices.
```

Because I think that's probably the clearer way to specify that you want hidden indices. Alternatively, we could do:

```suggestion
  if you need to access a system index, do so directly, use
  the `expand_wildcards` parameter to request hidden indices,
  or use a pattern which includes the dot prefix, such as `.kib*`.
```

Author: I believe the revision addresses this comment.

> * System indices such as `.security` or `.kibana` are not hidden
>   indices, but they will be in the GA release. As a consequence,
>   these will be included in wildcard expansions for users that
>   have privileges to view them. Do not rely on this behavior; instead,
>   if you need to access a system index, do so directly, or use
>   a more specific wildcard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* System indices are not hidden and they are included in wildcard queries when using the `*` pattern.
  Do not rely on this behavior, since they will be hidden in the GA release.
  If you need to access a system index, specify the name, use  a more specific wildcard,
  or use the `expand_wildcards` parameter in your query.
```

> * System indices are included in snapshots of all indices by default,
>   and are restored by default when no indices are specified. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* System indices are are included when resolving wildcard
patterns when taking or restoring a snapshot, including the
default total wildcard (`_all`/`*`). This
```

I think this is a bit clearer about the actual change, but I'm still concerned that this wording might be confusing.

Author: I have combined this suggestion with what @bytebilly gave us.

>   strange behavior was intended for backwards compatibility within

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 behavior was intended for backwards compatibility within
```

Author: Apologies for that. It appears that my editorial voice creeps in towards the end of the workday.

  anomaly detection results for different jobs to be mixed.
  Wait for `8.0.0-rc1` before attempting to test upgrading a cluster
  where {ml} was used prior to version `7.7.0`.

> * System indices are not hidden and they are included in wildcard queries when
>   using the `*` pattern. Do not rely on this behavior, since they will be
>   hidden in the GA release. If you need to access a system index, specify the
>   name, use a more specific wildcard, or use the `expand_wildcards` parameter
>   in your query.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* System indices are included in wildcard queries when using the `*` pattern. Do 
  not rely on this behavior, because system indices will be hidden in the 8.0 
  release. If you need to access system indices, specify the index name, use a 
  more specific wildcard, or use the `expand_wildcards` parameter in your query.

```

> * System indices are included in snapshots of all indices by default,
>   and are restored by default when no indices are specified. This is because
>   system indices are included in the implicit default "*" wildcard for
>   snapshot and restore operations. This behavior was intended for backwards
>   compatibility within the 7.x line. In 8.0, all system indices should be
>   handled through the `feature_states` parameter of the snapshot or restore
>   request.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* By default, system indices are included in snapshots of all indices, and are 
  restored when no indices are specified. This behavior results from including
  system indices in the implicit default wildcard (`*`) for snapshot and restore
  operations, which was intended for backwards compatibility in 7.x versions.
  In 8.0, all system indices should be accessed through the `feature_states` 
  parameter of the snapshot or restore request.
  
```
